chore: make 6.7 compatible (#28)
shopwareLabs/SwagMigrationMagento: README.md

# SwagMigrationMagento

A migration profile for [Shopware 6](https://github.com/shopware/platform) [Migration Assistant](https://github.com/shopware/SwagMigrationAssistant)

> [!IMPORTANT]  

> > This plugin requires the current trunk branch and is not compatible with the EA2 version of Shopware 6 or the Migration Assistant. Please use the current trunk branches of Shopware Platform and Migration Assistant.

Reviewer: I don't even remember what "EA2 version of Shopware 6" stands for 🙈, so I would say we can further simplify this to something like this:
```suggestion
> Please use the current trunk branches of Shopware Platform, the Migration Assistant plugin as well as this plugin.
```

Author: btw. google says "Early Access 2", so i guess something like "not release early access" = trunk :sweat_smile:
